Update Tracing documentation (#1804)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/tracing/docs/001-overview-tracing.md

---
title: Overview
type: Overview
---

The microservice architecture differs from the traditional monoliths in many aspects. From the request observability perspective, there are asynchronous boundaries among various different microservices that compose a request flow. Moreover, these microservices can have heterogeneous semantics when it comes to monitoring. A tracing solution that provides a holistic view of the request flow helps you to understand the system and take informed decisions regarding troubleshooting and performance optimization.

> Tracing in Kyma uses [Jaeger](https://www.jaegertracing.io/docs/) as a backend which serves as the query mechanism for displaying information about traces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tracing in Kyma uses [Jaeger](https://www.jaegertracing.io/docs/) as a back end which serves as the query mechanism for displaying information about traces.
```

Reviewer: To be in line with [MSG](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/b/back-end) and our [guidelines](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/master/guidelines/content-guidelines/style-and-standards.md#terminology).
